README.md, before:

```
Note: Roulette App was intended for Educational,Entertainment and Informational purposes only. Roulette App does not support placing bets with real money. Any depictions of money presented within Roulette App does not reflect the real world. Play at your own risk. 1-800-522-4700 (National Problem Gambling Hotline)

```

## Roulette App - Android Game

**Test your luck!** The Roulette app allows users to bet on the outcome of a roulette wheel with as much creativity that they can dream of. If you want to bet on your lucky number or the odd numbers between 1-9, there is no problem! The Roulette App wheel is based on the American Roulette wheel (0 - 37), with 0 counting as a house win.

## Features

### Roulette Wheel
- **Custom Bet Size**: Input the cost of your bet, bet small or big!
- **Custom Bet Conditions**: Bet on specific numbers, ranges of numbers, on reds or blacks and on odds/evens. Multiple options supported at once. E.g. you can bet on all the reds on 1-9.
- **Random Outcomes**: Every time you spin the wheel, you can land on a number from 0-37.
- **Fling Gestures**: Spin the wheel with ease! Fling the wheel to **Test Your Luck!**
- **Money Multiplier**: Based on the custom bet condition, your payout will be less or more. 

### Money Maker
- **Persistent Money**: Amount of money user has is saved even after the app is closed.
- **Progression**: Upgrade the power of your click! Saved locally on device.
- **Animation support**: Fluid animation for the dollar bill is played when the user clicks on it.

### General features
- **SharedPreferences**
- **Animation**
- **Sound Support**
- **Gestures**
- **Custom Game Logic**
- **Image Drawables**
- **App bar**
- **Multiple Activity Support**
- **Dialogs**

## Getting Started
> Roulette App is Available Only for Android Devices

### From Release 

1. **Download the Latest Release**: 
   - Navigate to releases page from the Roulette App GitHub repository

2. **Extract Contents/Install APK**: 
   - Install Application via Downloaded APK

3. **Launch Roulette App via App Launcher**: 
   - Select Roulette App from homescreen to launch app

### Building from Source Code:
> Ensure you have Android Studio Installed: Android Studio is Required to Build Source Code. [Android Studio Download](https://developer.android.com/studio)

1. **Import Project using Git Clone**: 
   - Provide Git Link from Roulette App GitHub Repository to Android Studio Project Setup Wizard

2. **Build APK using Task Bar**: 
   - Build > Generate App Bundles or APKS > Generate APKs.

Commit message:

Updating READ.me
Added a feature about sound effects in the Money Maker section.

README.md, after:

```
Note: Roulette App was intended for Educational,Entertainment and Informational purposes only. Roulette App does not support placing bets with real money. Any depictions of money presented within Roulette App does not reflect the real world. Play at your own risk. 1-800-522-4700 (National Problem Gambling Hotline)

```

## Roulette App - Android Game

**Test your luck!** The Roulette app allows users to bet on the outcome of a roulette wheel with as much creativity that they can dream of. If you want to bet on your lucky number or the odd numbers between 1-9, there is no problem! The Roulette App wheel is based on the American Roulette wheel (0 - 37), with 0 counting as a house win.

## Features

### Roulette Wheel
- **Custom Bet Size**: Input the cost of your bet, bet small or big!
- **Custom Bet Conditions**: Bet on specific numbers, ranges of numbers, on reds or blacks and on odds/evens. Multiple options supported at once. E.g. you can bet on all the reds on 1-9.
- **Random Outcomes**: Every time you spin the wheel, you can land on a number from 0-37.
- **Fling Gestures**: Spin the wheel with ease! Fling the wheel to **Test Your Luck!**
- **Money Multiplier**: Based on the custom bet condition, your payout will be less or more. 

### Money Maker
- **Persistent Money**: Amount of money user has is saved even after the app is closed.
- **Progression**: Upgrade the power of your click! Saved locally on device.
- **Sound**: Enjoy the sound of your money as you earn it!
- **Animation support**: Fluid animation for the dollar bill is played when the user clicks on it.

### General features
- **SharedPreferences**
- **Animation**
- **Sound Support**
- **Gestures**
- **Custom Game Logic**
- **Image Drawables**
- **App bar**
- **Multiple Activity Support**
- **Dialogs**

## Getting Started
> Roulette App is Available Only for Android Devices

### From Release 

1. **Download the Latest Release**: 
   - Navigate to releases page from the Roulette App GitHub repository

2. **Extract Contents/Install APK**: 
   - Install Application via Downloaded APK

3. **Launch Roulette App via App Launcher**: 
   - Select Roulette App from homescreen to launch app

### Building from Source Code:
> Ensure you have Android Studio Installed: Android Studio is Required to Build Source Code. [Android Studio Download](https://developer.android.com/studio)

1. **Import Project using Git Clone**: 
   - Provide Git Link from Roulette App GitHub Repository to Android Studio Project Setup Wizard

2. **Build APK using Task Bar**: 
   - Build > Generate App Bundles or APKS > Generate APKs.
